Update sliding sync to latest (#1273)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-client-api/CHANGELOG.md

# [unreleased]

> Breaking changes:
> 
> *  `DeviceList` has moved from `sync::sync_events::v3` to `sync::sync_events`

Reviewer: With the previous review comment applied, this can become something like:

```suggestion
Improvements:

* `DeviceList` has moved from `sync::sync_events::v3` to `sync::sync_events`
  * It is still available under the old location for backwards compatibility
```

Breaking changes:

> * `UnreadNotificationsCount` & `DeviceList` have moved from `sync::sync_events::v3` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `UnreadNotificationsCount` and `DeviceList` have moved from `sync::sync_events::v3` to
```
